[Whistles]
Looky what I got.
[Geiger counter clicks]
It's clean.
I checked it.
The hell is it?
Most people call 'em
dragon fruits
on account of the leathery skin
and the scaly spikes.
Looks more like
a strawberry pear, you ask me.
What do we do with it?
We eat it.
[Gunshot]
[Horse whinnies]
Is that...
The Dark Horses?
Sure looks like it.
[Gunshot]
♪♪
You're the assholes who killed
Milus and his boys, aren't you?
♪♪
Look,
we don't want no trouble.
Then why
are you stealing shit?
We gotta eat.
Yeah, well, so does
the guy you stole it from.
♪♪
You gonna kill us,
too?
-Depends.
-On?
You.
All this over
some stolen fruit?
Well, it's not
about the fruit.
It's the principle of it.
What's that
supposed to mean?
Let's just say
we got a code.
So, what?
We return it,
you leave us alone?
Now you're getting it.
And what if we say no?
I'd think twice
about that.
Oh, yeah?
Well, Milus
and his boys...
they said no.
♪♪
So what's it gonna be?
Screw your code!
You play with fire,
you're gonna get burned.
♪♪
Eli, go!
He's going
for his gun!
[Gunshot]No! No! No!
[Walkers growling]
Walkers!
Stay put!
♪♪
Hey! Hey!
Incoming!
♪♪
You okay?
No, no, okay?
I really did not want to
kill anybody today, you know?
Hey, anybody that's willing
to kill over a cart of fruit
deserves what he gets.
And, honestly, like,
the more people hear about
what we're willing to do...Yeah.
...to keep things right...
I know, the less people
we have to do it to.
I got it.
Hey, D...
[Smooches]
...we stuck to the code.
The kill was clean.
We're not gonna
turn into him.
Hey.
Alright.
Okay.
I don't know what I'd do
without you.
I really don't.
♪♪
Let's hope neither one of us
ever has to find out again.
Okay.
Alright.
♪♪
[Radio tuning]
[Knocking]
Briga, they're back.
Briga:
Did you find any bad guys?
We found
more than that.
Where'd those come from?
Somebody stole them,
we returned them,
and the owner
gave us a sample.
D, you see that?
Look.
-What?
-What is that?
Oh, my God.
Hold on. Don't move.
Hold on.
[Grunts]
Whoa.
That's just to pass the time,
you know,
until we get to
where we're going next.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Oh!
I've been listening
all day.
Nothing about Padre.
Hey, it's alright.
Keep listening.
-Yeah.
-We're gonna keep looking.
We'll get there.
Honey,
why don't you go play?
Yeah, we're gonna catch up
with Dwight and Sherry, okay?
Listen, there's no easy way
to say this.
We can't wait anymore.
Wait for what?
This place,
it's falling apart.
We are almost
out of food --
Yeah, we're not
gonna run out.
You can use the cellar
as long as you'd like.
But we've got other things
to consider.
We gotta find
someplace else.
Look, hey,
Kevin, Kim --
we wouldn't be here
if it wasn't for you guys.
We wouldn't be able to do
what we're doing right now
if you didn't open
the doors for us.
Yeah.
We're gonna find Padre.
-Yeah.
-We don't even know what it is.
It's just some rumors
on the radio.
It's out there.
-How do you know?
-Hey.
What makes you think
we'll ever find it?
Because every time
we're out there,
we hear more and more
about Padre.
I think if we just keep doing
what we're doing right now,
it's a matter of time
before we find it.We're so close.
♪♪
Hey, hey.
Hey.
You can trust us.
Please.
♪♪
I reckon we can wait
a bit longer.
♪♪
Man: [Static] Is this --
We're in some trouble --
We heard the Dark Horses
were on this channel.
Where are you?
♪♪
I don't see him.
You sure this is the spot?
These are the coordinates.
[Walker growling]
I'm not sure
how much longer
we can dangle this
Padre carrot.
I don't want to
promise something
that we can't
deliver on.
Well, we've been out here
doing our thing for a while.
You know,
leveling the field.
Trying to
make things better.
Maybe Padre is the reward
for it all.
Could be a new base for us
to keep doing what we're doing.
A place for
Briga to grow up.
Man: Here!
Over here!
Hurry up!
What happened?
They stabbed him!
Robbed us!
Alright,
let me take a look.
Dwight: These people, well,
wh-where are they?
Whoa! Whoa!
[Guns cocking]
Hey!
Oh, they're still here.
♪♪
You don't know
who you're messing with![Gunshot]
Wait!Actually, I do.
You call yourselves
the Dark Horses?
Lose the masks.
Readings
are clear here.
Look,
if we wanted you dead,
it'd have been done
already.
Your reputation is the reason
I was asked to find you.
Asked by who?
-Hey, hey!
-Hey!
[Indistinct conversations]
[Walkers growling]
The Dark Horses,
per your request.
Ha!
[Laughs]
Strand?
So you're the outlaws
I've heard so much about.
Ah!
What delicious irony.
You know each other?
Oh, we go way back.
We would've come
if you'd just asked.
What the hell is this place,
Victor?
[Walkers growling]
What the hell
is that sound?
Ambience.
Apologies.
We're very particular
about who we let in
and out
of our little sanctuary.
Now, had I known
you were you,
I would have used
a more, uh, gentle fashion.
Why'd you bring us here?
I have a proposal.
What kind of proposal?
Straight to business,
must we?
You've come all this way.
At least allow me the pleasure
of showing you around.
[Door opens]
We've taken in some people
you've been kind enough to help.
They hail the Dark Horses as
a new breed of ethical outlaws.
Peace officers
of a modern frontier.
How many people
are in here?
Current occupancy's
just over 200.
But we estimate we can
support over 1,000.
You just go out and find
whoever you can bring back?
It's a bit more complicated
than that.
Well,
who have you found?
June is here.
Wendell.
John Dorie's father.
Morgan?
We've crossed paths.
Grace and Sarah, too.
They're all in here?
Not exactly.Why not?
As I said, uh, we are
very particular about
who we let in and out.
Which brings me
to Mickey.
Who the hell is that?
One of our denizens
and the subject of the proposal
that I brought you here
to discuss.
Well, if you don't open the door
for Grace,
Sarah, and Morgan,
you can take your proposal,
and you can shove it
up your ass.
I assumed that would be your
first blush, but hear me out.
When we first found Mickey,
she was half dead,
starving, delirious.
We brought her in,
after a couple of days,
she made an extraordinary
recovery.
But she was fixated
in finding her husband,
whose fate seemed obvious
to everyone but her.
So she went
to go look for him.
What do you care?
I take great interest
in the welfare
of the people
who inhabit this tower.
I invest in them.
You mean you want
to see it pay off.
Which is why
I can't sit idly by
while Mickey puts herself
in grave danger
for a man who is dead
or a place that doesn't exist.
What place?
Transmission she heard.
She was obsessed.
How do you know
it doesn't exist?
Well, we've scouted 50 miles
in every direction.
There's only one remotely
inhabitable place
with any future in said radius,
and you are standing in it.
Alright.
What's your proposal, Victor?
We know where Mickey's
holed herself up.
But my people have been
unable to recover her.
People come back bruised
and tattered --
if they come back at all.
And given your reputation
as the Dark Horses,
I figured maybe you can find
success where we have failed.
Sounds like she doesn't
want to be recovered.
People don't know what they want
until you give it to them.
Why would we do something
like this for you?
The million-dollar
question.
Bring Mickey back safely,
and I'll grant you
residency here.
We already have a place.
And how's that working out
for you?
We're getting by.
Surely, your aspirations
are greater
than just "getting by."
You know, we lived in a place
like this before.
And that didn't
turn out so hot.
And the fact that you're even
calling this a sanctuary
makes me pretty damn sure
that it's anything but.
Our way of keeping
track of the dead.
Please, I beg you.
Help me save Mickey
from this fate.
♪♪
Well, thank you for the tour,
Victor,
but we're gonna
have to pass.
May I ask why?
We got
a code of honor.
What exactly
does that entail?
Keeping people safe
from assholes like you.
Ha ha!
♪♪
It's a new world now.
You've seen it.
You've been out there.
To put it in your parlance,
it's assholes like me
that are
keeping people safe now.
Sleep on it.
Should you
change your minds
or require my assistance,
you know where to find me.
♪♪
[Both gasp]
How the --
How the hell did we get here?
The horse
is yours to keep.
Consider it a down payment in
the hopes that you'd reconsider.
You didn't
answer his question.
Alright, hey.
I know.
Why not?
Because that's how
we keep this place safe.
Don't follow us.
You think Victor would
take in the Larsons?
What?Look, I mean, maybe we could
strike up our own deal.
You know, keep Kevin
and Kim safe, Briga.
I-I know it is not the best
thing, but it's a sure thing.
D, you and I both know that
nothing that's worth having
is ever a sure thing.
So what do we do?
It sounds to me
like Mickey's
looking for the same place
that we are.
If we find her,
help her find her husband...
and we all go to Padre
together.
♪♪
[Sighs]
[Walker growling]
What?
You want to test it out?
[Growling continues]
[Growling stops]
[Body thuds]
Dwight: You stay here.
I'll go around back.
Sherry: Is anyone there?
[Horse whinnies]
Go away!
Mickey?
Tell Strand
I'm not coming back!
[Gunshot]
♪♪
Hey.
I just want to talk.
♪♪
You gonna put that down?
Alright.
♪♪
No, hey! Listen, wait!
We're --
We're not with Strand!
Yeah?
Then how'd you find me, huh?
And how do you know
my name?!
He told us!
It's not what you think,
alright?
We're not here
to help him.
Then why are you here?Aah!
To help you
find your husband.
So how 'bout
you let go of mine?
♪♪
So, what else
did Strand tell you?
He said he was worried
about you.
Have we met before?
It --
Mm.
I don't think so.
The only thing worrying Strand
is how I got out of that place.
How did you?It's on the bar.
Look, Strand
and his rangers,
they got their own ways
of getting in and out.
For the rest of us,
the only way out was
through the moat
of the dead.
Just wish I'd found
thicker phone books.
Those ones got chewed up
all the way down to Zalinsky.
You walked
through that herd?
I mean, there were
thousands of 'em.
Why do you think Strand
wants me brought back?
So no one else finds out
how you escaped.
You got it.
So you made that suit?
Every night, when the rangers
weren't looking.
Are you sure we don't know
each other?
Look, champ, no offense,
but I'd remember a face
like that, alright?
If you don't mind,
I got work to do.
Dearly Beloved.
What'd you say?
You're The Bride.
[Laughs]
Oh!
You were amazing!
What was the move,
the special move that you had
when you were, uh...
He would be
distracting them,
and you would get up
on the top ropes and --
What the hell are you
talking about here?
Her and her husband were one of
the best tag team in wrestling.
No.
Yes!
I was there when you won
the belt in Atlanta,
State Farm, '05.
Yeah,
my dad used to take me
to all those matches
when I was a kid.
That is you, right?
[Sighs]
Look, people stopped
recognizing me
way before the world
went to shit, alright?
Well, hey, one of your fans
is, uh...
still here.
What happened to y'all?
We stopped touring...
a long time ago.
Opened a training gym
down the road, Texas City.
And, uh, that's where Cliff
and I said we'd meet up
if we ever got split.
When the bomb went off,
Strand found me, took me in.
I've been trying to get back
to the gym ever since.
What's stopping you?
Let's just say, if there's
a herd out there,
my suit couldn't
handle it like that,
and phone books aren't exactly
easy to come by out here.
So I've been stuck here,
trying to fix it.
We'll help you
get back to him.
Why would you do that?
Well, we're sort of a tag team
ourselves, I guess.
Yeah, well...
Alright.
Alright, I'll bite.
What kind of tag team?
The kind that protects people
from guys like Strand.
He said I was crazy
for looking for Cliff.
If you're crazy,
then so are we.
We spent a long time
criss-crossing the country,
trying to find each other
with nothing --
like, nothing to go on
but letters.
And we found each other.
We'll help you find Cliff.
Yeah,
then we can find Padre.
You know where it is?
We've heard messages.
But I-I-I think
if we all work together,
we can figure it out.
We'll get you to
Texas City.
Make a stop
along the way.
Where?
A place where we can get
weapons and supplies.
Not to mention
some good people
that'll be coming with us
when we find Padre.
♪♪
Alright.
Not much further now.
Should be on our way
to the gym before dark.
Til Death Do Us Part.
That was our finisher.
Yeah. Yeah, that's it.
You gotta show me that
one of these days.
Well, it's a two-man maneuver,
you know?
Can't do it
without Cliff.
You'll be with him
soon enough.
Shit.What?
Whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
♪♪
Kim?!
Kevin!
Briga?
♪♪
D.
[Walker growling]
No.
♪♪
Oh, my God.
[Groans]
[Sobs]
♪♪
I'm so sorry.
We shouldn't stay long,
in case the wind
changes direction.
Play with fire,
you'll get burned.
They wanted to leave.
This wasn't our fault.
They stayed because
they thought we were
onto something better.
We did everything the right way,
you know?
Stuck to the code,
helped people...
Maybe it's not enough.
Maybe Strand was right.
You know, it's a --
this is a -- a new world.
Maybe the sure thing
is the right thing.
Come on.
Mickey?
[Sighs] Look, I'm -- I'm real
sorry about your friends.
Alright, look, we were trying
to help them out,
and it turns out
we were doing the opposite.
We don't want that
to happen to you.
I don't understand.
Odds are Cliff's dead.
You don't know that.
You all found each other.
And that was
a different world.
We gotta face the one
we're in right now.
What are you
trying to say?
I'm sorry, Mickey,
but you got lucky...
getting through the moat
at Strand's place.
You may not get so lucky again,
alright?
I-I-I think Strand's tower
is the best place for you.
For us, for us.
You chickenshits.
Whoa.
Hey, hey, hey. Hey.
We're trying to save you
from getting yourself killed.
We'll bring you back.
Strand, he'll give you
a second chance.
He will lock me up
and throw away the key.
Anything he can do
to make sure
no one finds out how I escaped,
he'll do it.
No way.
I'm not
going back there.
Alright?
Don't do this.
Don't make me.
I'm gonna find Cliff,
and then
we're gonna find Padre.
You're gonna die.
Just like them.
I made it this far
just fine on my own.
Alright.
Wait.
You're not doing this alone.
I'm coming with you.
Honey,
what are you doing?
D, I'm sorry.
It's not right.
We can't just hand her
over like this.
I thought
we agreed on this.
We have a code
for a reason.
Right?
And I'm not sure if sending her
back there is sticking to it.
We can say it's for her,
but I really think
it'd be for us.
Honey, just come on.
♪♪
The old bar --
go back there.
Sherry?
Sherry.
I'll help her get to Cliff,
then come back for you,
and we'll figure out
where to go next.
Come on.
Sherry, hey!
♪♪
[Horse whickers]
We're almost there.
You should definitely be able
to make it back
to the bar by sundown.
I'm not leaving
till we find Cliff.
Dwight can wait.
You know, I used to do
the same thing
when I'd have a fight
with Cliff.
Take a walk.
Let him cool down.
You and me
are a lot alike.
I don't know what got into him
back there.
I get it.
He thought taking me back
to Strand would keep you safe.
Kinda makes me wonder
why you wouldn't take that deal.
We made a bargain with a guy
like Strand before --
to keep each other safe --
and it nearly destroyed us.
What we're doing now,
he's doing it for me.
You think
his heart's not in it?
No, it is.
It is, but I --
I think he wants something else.
What?
A place in Strand's tower?
I'm not sure.
Look,
you all were separated,
and you found each other.
So whatever this is,
it...
sounds like nothing.
I'm not worried about
Dwight giving up, you know?
Before, you know, I told him
to stop looking for me
in one of my letters,
and he still found me.
Why'd you tell him
to stop looking?
I didn't want him to get killed
doing it.
♪♪
Mickey: Cliff said the same
thing to me, you know.
Told me he'd whoop my ass
if I ever came looking for him.
I thought you were supposed
to meet him at the gym
if you got separated.
Yeah, I told you that
'cause I thought it'd make you
more inclined to help me.
So he's not at the gym?
He may be.
He may not be.
It's the last place
I know to look.
Because...
I can't do what he said.
Maybe it's me and Dwight
who are more alike.
Whoa.
♪♪
[Walkers growling]
This the place?
Yep.
Our humble abode.
[Sign clanking]
That's what drew 'em.
That's what's
keeping them here.
How long you think your suit
will hold up against them?
Not as long as last time.
Took a lot of damage
escaping that moat.
Why?
I got an idea.
Come on.
[Snorting]
Hey, girl.
Hey. Hey.
Hey.
Hey, hey.
Oh, I thought we'd lost you.
[Gun cocks]
Eli: You did. Turn around.
Hands up.
Nothing stupid.
Take your mask off.
Take your mask off,
or I'll take it off for you.
♪♪
I found her.
Which means
she's mine now.
And I believe you know firsthand
what happens
when you try to take back
something that's mine.
I saw what you did
at the cellar.
They were good people.
So was my friend.
But that didn't stop you
from killing him.
Although...
I got something besides a horse
out of it.
♪♪
I said nothing stupid.
I'm riding out of here.
And I'd rather not waste
a bullet if I don't have to.
♪♪
There.
That wasn't so hard,
was it?
[Smooches]
[Whinnies]
[Groans]
[Gasping]
That hurt, huh?
♪♪
The hell are those?
Holy shit.
Strand put you up to this,
didn't he?
Answer me,
you son of a bitch!
I don't know his name!
♪♪
What'd he offer you?
Tell me!
A place in his settlement
if I took those people out.
I got what I wanted,
and I got to screw you over!
♪♪
[Walkers growling]
You may have
screwed me over,
but you're not getting
what you want.
[Groaning]
♪♪
I thought you had a code!
[Screaming]
♪♪
[Walkers growling]
You sure this'll work?
It will
if you do it fast.
And if they smell you
through the blood,
let's hope
the phone books hold.
Alright, turn around.
If anything goes wrong,
I got you.
Okay?
♪♪
How are you
gonna get inside?
Let's worry
about you first.
♪♪
Thank you.
Okay.
[Sign clanking]
[Growling continues]
♪♪
[Door rattles]
Shit.
♪♪
Aah!
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
[Gunshot]
Over here, assholes!
Hey!
Hey, over here!
Get inside!
The doors are chained!
Get down!
Go!
I'm not going in
without you!
Go!
♪♪
Don't move.
[Gunshot]
[Gun clicks]
I'm out.
Now what?
We made it in.
Now we just have to figure
how to keep them out.
♪♪
[Walkers growling]
Anything else we can use
to block them off?
Not unless we drag
that thing over.
All this
and he isn't even here.
He could be nearby.
You know, he could've had
a hard time getting back.
Maybe he found Padre.
He was the one
that first heard about it.
Said when we found it,
he was gonna build us a chapel
so we could
finally get married.
You're not?We never got around to it.
Funny, I know, considering,
right?
He always told me he didn't want
Til Death Do Us Part
to be something
we just did in the ring.
It won't.
We'll find him.
Just so much stuff we never
got around to, you know?
So many things
we were waiting to do
until we got this place
up and running.
Have a wedding and build a house
on the land
his daddy left him,
and...
kids.
They're piling up.
This isn't gonna hold.
The ring.
Maybe we can get up there,
pick 'em off one by one.
Let's go.
♪♪
-Mickey --
-Oh, no.
♪♪
Oh, no.
[Crying]
I'm so sorry.
[Growling]
♪♪
I love you.
Sherry: You gotta get up.
Come on.
We have to keep moving.
Let's go!
♪♪
Come on. Come on.
Come on, come on.
Come here.
It's over.
I know
how much you're hurting.
But you have to remember
what he said
if you two ever got split up.
Alright? He'd want you
to keep going.
Why?
For what?
You'll find something.
It might not be
what you thought,
but you will
find something.
♪♪
[Creaking]
Hold on to me.
♪♪
There's no way out.
There is.
One.
♪♪
You want
to call Strand?
Maybe he's right.
You know, the world
is different now.
Maybe this is the way
it's gotta be.
♪♪
Call him.
Dwight: Honey!
D!
[Walkers growling]
Who are you calling?!
Strand!
Okay, don't do it!
Why not?! You -- You wanted
to go back there.
He killed the Larsons.
What?!
Yes!
He hired that guy Eli to do it.
Alright?
Offered him a place
in the Tower.
Why? Why would he do that?I don't know.
Make us doubt ourselves,
make us doubt our code.
Make us think his way
is the only way, but it's not.
Alright? I-I'd rather
die fighting with you
than live hiding with him.
♪♪
We're out!
[Gunshot]
♪ Out in the street,
they call it murder ♪
Hey!
♪ Camp where the thugs
dem camp at ♪
Mickey!
♪ It inna your hand bag,
your knapsack ♪
♪ It inna your backpack
♪ The smell ah give
your girlfriend contact ♪
♪ Some boy nuh know dis
♪ Dem only come around
like tourist ♪
♪ On the beach
with a few club sodas ♪
♪ Bedtime stories, and pose
like dem name Chuck Norris ♪
♪ And don't know
the real hardcore ♪
♪ 'Cause Sandals ah nuh
back too the thugs ♪
♪ Dem will do whe dem got to
♪ And won't think
twice to shot you ♪
♪ Don't make dem spot you
♪ Unless you carry guns
a lot too ♪
♪ A bare tuff tings
come at you ♪
♪ When Trench Town man stop
laugh and block off traffic ♪
♪ Then dem wheel and pop off
and dem start clap it ♪
♪ With the pin file dung an it
ah beat rapid ♪
♪ Police come inna jeep
and dem can't stop it ♪
♪ Some say them ah playboy,
ah playboy rabbit ♪
♪ Get dropped
like a bad habit ♪
♪ So nuh bodah pose tuff
if you don't have it ♪
♪ Rastafari stands alone
♪ Welcome to Jamrock
♪ Out in the street,
they call it murder ♪
Mickey!
♪ Welcome to Jamrock
♪♪
[Walker growling]
[Panting]
How was that?
Nailed it.
Was that a...?
That was
Til Death Do Us Part.
Yeah.
[Growling]
[Sighs]
I'm so sorry, Mickey.
He's outside.
Cleaned him up
as best as I could.
You know, if you want to say
your goodbyes or...
Oh, and I, uh...
...found this.
♪♪
He knew
you'd come looking for him.
♪♪
"Mickey,
if you're reading this,
it means I didn't make it.
I looked everywhere for
that place where I'd hoped
we could finally tie the knot.
There's some maps in the desk
that'll help you know
where not to look."
♪♪
"Don't give up, baby.
Keep going.
Find it.
Don't stay sad too long.
Find someone else who will stand
in your corner like I did.
I love you, always.
Till death do us part.
Cliff."
♪♪
Just waited too long
to get started.
Why did we think this place
had to be perfect
to do what we wanted to do?
Don't do this to yourself.
I gotta find Padre.
For him.
You will.
Hey, we will.
Like he said, find someone else
who can stand in your corner,
you got us right here.
♪♪
Thank you.
[Sighs]
♪♪
Hey.
I'm sorry
for ditching you.
for being a dick.
Look, I get why you wanted
to take Strand's deal.
You were looking out for me,
for us.
Oh.
It wasn't about that.
What was it about,
then?
Look, I don't know if
it was thinking about my dad
or everything that happened
with Briga or, um...
maybe both.
But it made me realize something
that I've been thinking about
for a really long time.
What?
I want us to
have a family.
♪♪
Why didn't you tell me?
Because I didn't even know
that's what I wanted.
D --
Look, this life that
we're living, it's good for us.
And I just didn't see
any room for a family.
And looking at the Larsons,
I thought, you know, the...
only way to do this
was under Strand.
We do what we do
because we couldn't face
each other if we didn't.
But there's room.
We could have both.
I want us to have both.
Really?
Yeah.
You know, look --
look at Mickey, you know?
We don't --
We don't have to wait
until everything's perfect.
We could just
let life happen.
[Chuckles]
Okay.
♪♪
I love you.
Man: [Static] Is anyone there?
I heard the Dark Horses
were on this channel.
♪♪
You heard right.
So, how does this work?
We go, we see what's what,
we find out
who the asshole is.
And then?
We give 'em hell.
I can do that.
I know you can.
♪♪
So you're
the Dark Horses?
Where are the rest
of you?
Sorry?
You think you're the first
person to try and ambush us?
It's not an ambush.
Come on out!
♪♪
This...
is an invitation.
To what?
To work together.
Word is you know how to
retrieve things for people.
What is it
you want retrieved?
Not what.
Where.
We want to find Padre.
♪♪
And you're going to
help us.
♪♪